You work at an e-commerce company that sells three goods: widgets, doodads, and fizzbangs. 
The head of advertising asks you which they should feature in their new advertising campaign.
You have data on individual visitors' sessions (activity on a website, pageviews, and purchases), as well as whether or not those users converted from an advertisement for that session. 
You also have the cost and price information for the goods.

    1) - Examine which product garners more webite activity 
          - Measure time spent on page views of each product 
          - measure relation between page views and purchases 
          - examine what precentage of those came from ads conversion, which product not from ad conversion peaked interest 
          
          
You work at a web design company that offers to build websites for clients. Signups have slowed, and you are tasked with finding out why. The onboarding funnel has three steps: email and password signup, plan choice, and payment. On a user level you have information on what steps they have completed as well as timestamps for all of those events for the past 3 years. You also have information on marketing spend on a weekly level.


  2)   email and password signup 
       plan choice 
       payment 
       
       What steps completed, timespent
       
       Graph and examine 
      -  Markering spend over time and number of onboard starts 
      -  most popular step completed, variance 
      -  average amount of time on each step, variance to see if one step in particular has a cutoff 
     
 You work at a hotel website and currently the website ranks search results by price. For simplicity's sake, let's say it's a website for one city with 100 hotels. You are tasked with proposing a better ranking system. You have session information, price information for the hotels, and whether each hotel is currently available.
  
   3)  timespent choosing hotel based on price 
       timespent narrowing hotels based on avaliblity
       
       based on which ever results in timemost time spent
        - timespent narrowing by avaliblity and then price 
        - timespent narrowing by price 
        
        
 You work at a social network, and the management is worried about churn (users stopping using the product). You are tasked with finding out if their churn is atypical. You have three years of data for users with an entry for every time they've logged in, including the timestamp and length of session.
 
     4) measure variance between years of session lengths 
        measure variance between years of times logged in 
        measure average of time spent over years 
      
       draw conclusions from use of overtime if a matter of lack of interest in the site or lack of interest when on site and        its use 
          
        
 
 
        
